the bereaved couples are desperate they
look for another check to clean the
floor and they don't mind if it's
someone else's they plan a kidnap the
mother's defense is to sit tight and
stop a chick being stolen but the
kidnappers won't be put off easily just
in time our partner returns spruced up
from the shower who takes on the
would-be kidnappers
the fight gets even more heated but
there are few tougher than a lot : they
can take the punishment as well as dish
it out the baby Snatchers have had
enough and the meal returns to his made
he might need another shower but at
least his chick is safe
kidnapping is also rife in the Emperor
colony the newly walking chicks are
irresistible to females that have lost
their own chicks or fields to breed the
mother tries to repel the kidnappers
with a few well-aimed pegs but they
won't give up
[Music]
and others are the same idea
the chick heads for the main colony
hoping to find protection among the
crowds
[Music]
she disappears in a mass of bodies and
reappears
[Music]
but it's only for a moment a large crowd
has gathered all trying to adopt the
chip she assumed that Weaver whelmed by
dueting admirers
[Music]
one child snatcher tries to force the
chicke into her pouch but she's way too
big
she makes a break for it then gives them
the runaround through the colony
[Music]
finally they have our surrounding
they're all desperate to model huh
[Music]
she's in danger of being smothered with
love
but the flat ball is accidentally
flipped away and caught by her mother
[Music]
she'll stay closer to our next time
you